the Beecher student section is live and
ready to support the buccaneers a
charter they got about they got more
flags of the United Nations out here
barely do it I'm hoping they're waving
them all night all the captain's tonight
for beats will be pad Stuart Kyle
Anderson austell Harold those are all
three sinkers this'll be I guess that
last game of something counter well it
will be for sure and we've got about I'd
say about 15 other seniors of the
sideline lock locking arms and are
waiting for important policy it's going
to be their last eight here at Suffolk
County as well it is beaches one feat
halls and captain Pat Stewart says will
depart here come your Beach Buccaneers
and they'll be dressed in white jerseys
with baby Google's trend adorns the baby
pants and enforce their owners helmets
with the blue block B and crawl solas
underneath so here we go again Terry
we're going we're going to try this
again and he puts it on here
did it short and it is make about God
about the 29 resourceful field wide he
has chopped down right there about the
features Watson put a ground back to
pass he's rushed he's got Kincaid in his
face and that's all an overflow to Adam
and beat the Bulldog hands for the first
time to receive acquit right they give
it to let's see that is boring Carter
he's up over the 30 I could pick up the
gun right that they told me they're
going to that same three wide receiver
spread look now they throwing on the
fiddle people brought up it on the sand
he's a CrossFit feel he's dragged down
finally and hitting some little paranoid
down about the 40-yard line so that was
about a 25-yard gain closing out the
flat gives us a derrick carter carter as
the first down at four great play very
great play we'll call it Phillip in
about 16 yard already locate the Carter
can interpose it flat and I said hers
out he did I pulley on short how they
synchronic oh I get this straight
up the gut to paint you the balls on the
ground leader here it is token Earp it's
all really I baby was a fullback you
talk
Harold photograph that's fine way to go
great blocking on that plate ery the
right side of the line and jamin
sticking it up in there low speed
exactly what we needed with 502 left in
this game going to her oh man he's it to
toys sheet structure near meets more
than trends in Hammonds 14-day second at
7pm give it a pretty he's trying to go
over his left side again smother he's
only got two yards we kiss the bride i
miss Terry Hillary back to Charlie hey
good we're getting ready to start the
second half here beach will be receiving
get your Facebook Carter throws out my
scars now he's got just fastest fix it's
going to be close but I think we've got
it he gets a snap beautiful player
forgot faster corner by you really got a
handsome drilled in heat now if the
beach feet straight up the middle and
employable by a 135 about the 33 that's
going to be here first downs are now
beach with it nah no one left and they
give it to her her finds a scene he's
still going down inside the 5 he quit
straight up the middle there nobody was
going to stop live birth order meat
straws to within two they give it the
bride on the old the care there should
have been a hole there no call it wants
it slams he back the first man to slow
him up was Harold now they get her
campaign talks in the corner down it
hurt his out running he's down for the
41 so he ran for 40 waterboarding wrong
pampa join
ray drive by Jenna hurt see the thing
back in the cold I could give it to her
birth to the 30 inside the 25 he founded
22 days the stakes beat sparking hair
first down get the fish to hurt and I
thought
let's tear off to the mental hey go home
don't wear to the party
another beautiful puppy
we got a ball game on their hands
convention out looking for help against
it I got it people's okay
he kept his knee off the ground fielded
it great job I tell your people there
and got about a good dish for 2 yards
and he's on hold it for the 43 yard line
through the sticks if I give it to
pretty up the middle the big fullback
he's chomped down he want to bother
was it given to you
I'll see I don't think he got bastard on
share night Rob comes to poster they
give it up the better completed he's
talked out immediately nice played up a
Christopher Carol no game we're even
right at the line of scrimmage get good
tackle by Christian they give it to
pretty because to get outside he is gang
down with Sparky's concave and that's
your ball game and beat loses a
heartbreak with a one point you just
really feel for the seniors and 17 I
believe with 17 or 18 seniors just
played their last game for the beach
Buccaneers and that's always hard to see
doctors had a great year proud of these
young men they finish at 85 and another
splendid coaching job a coach and
frankly the staff so for Charlie hey
good Austin board right Shannon Karen
Johnson this is Terry Utley saying good
night everybody please be safe